Good morning, family. I’m going to go ahead and release this video to you.
I talked to my pastor last night because I was curious about why the Lord was showing me dates and more depth to this.
It’s like an onion; it has layers, and as you pull off the layers, you get to the core of what the Lord wants to talk to you about concerning this virus—this plague that's coming.
To the seasoned prayer people who come on here and pray with me, thank you; I know you get this.
To the ones who do not understand the beginnings of prayer and how to get in the rivers, stick around; I'm going to start praying a lot more on this channel.
When I was in corporate prayer last night, the Lord showed how vital it is that the body of Christ join together as an army and pray together even more.
He showed me that we were like a sharpened arrow with beautiful inscriptions written on it.
He said, 'Brandon, you're like that arrow whenever you join together.'It was like a precise target; we hit it precisely.
An arrow is made to hit the target and be very precise, especially one made by a good craftsman.
I talked to Pastor Candace last night, and I said that I think it’s interesting the Lord revealed this to me again.
This is the fourth time He has spoken to me about the virus, and He keeps giving me more detail.
He showed me the 350 million and warned me about obesity and them using genocide.
In the vision, I heard that they were going to try to act like Hitler.
It was a demonic mindset of trying to get rid of obese people with ailments like high blood pressure and diabetes—things they considered a drain on society.
That is why the Lord gave me a mandate about my weight over a year ago.
He said, 'Brandon, this is what they're planning in the future; you're running out of time.'In this last vision, the Lord downloaded more detail about the virus.
I took it to Pastor Candace and told her that I didn't want to release another heavy warning vision right now, especially after the trucks and when nothing seemed to happen in the natural.
But I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that the trucks and vans exist. The Lord said, 'This is not over.
You must continue to pray, for you delayed what they were trying to do during the inauguration because the people joined together.'It went viral with Alex Jones, and millions of people prayed that President Trump would be protected.
The fervent, effectual prayer of the righteous availeth much.
I truly believe God is showing us another round of something the enemy is trying to do that is bigger even than terrorist activity.
I saw in this vision millions upon millions of people perishing because of this virus.
Why is He revealing it years in advance? To warn us about what's coming during President Trump's term. It’s a four-year window.
The Lord said, 'You must pray now.'Pastor Candace said the Lord warns us in advance because it takes time to turn a major ship.
If the Titanic had been warned in time, they could have turned and not hit the iceberg. I'm a Watchman on the wall.
I'm not like Joseph Z or Troy black; I don't feel that about myself, though I may see prophetically.
God has told me to pray and intercede to warn His people of what is coming to turn things throughout governments.
I'm calling you to raise up a million-person prayer army to change events throughout the whole world. Good morning, family. I have a heavy word to give.
I asked the Lord when He showed this to me, seeing Him dying on the cross, 'Father, when You knew what was coming and that they were going to crucify You, how did You not let that succumb You?
How did You keep those thoughts from tormenting You?'He said, 'Brandon, I knew I had to talk to the people while it was day, because night was coming.'He focused on the task at hand and didn't let the future get inside of Him.
He kept ministering because He saw the need. I asked the Lord how I could keep from letting the heaviness of these visions get inside of me.
The Lord told me they're devising a plan right now with another plague, similar to the Black Death from the 1300s.
Suddenly, I was taken to the past. I saw cobblestone streets and roofs made out of hay.
I saw chickens, a blacksmith molding metal, and children in overalls.
I saw women in bonnets and fires on stoves inside houses. I saw people who were scared of the Black Death.
They weren't able to wash their hands and had no personal hygiene.
The Lord emphasized looking at their hands; I could see the germs and the lack of antibacterial soap.
It was an ominous feeling. I saw people with sheets over them, dead in the streets.
The Lord said what’s about to happen is a type and shadow of the Black Death.
I saw them using AI technology again to bring up a new strain of this Black Death.
I saw three rats in a plexiglass box. They were testing a thick, yellow liquid in a vial.
They injected the rats in the hindquarters and observed them.
Two rats died quickly, but one did not. They released that type of rat into Europe.
The Lord said the first round with COVID was with bats; now they will use rats because they're more mobile.
As they were released, the infection spread, starting as a light red and getting darker as it went, looking like it was bleeding upon Europe, then Africa, and then the Middle East.
I saw President Trump standing behind a podium saying we're blocking all international travel and suspending all air travel to stop this lethal thing.
Then I saw the Euro collapse, triggering the collapse of the U.S. dollar. The whole economy is taken down by another virus.
I saw people unable to get food, trying to raid others out of desperation.
I saw a major factory with a burner stack, but the workers became fewer and fewer until they put caution tape on the doors.
This happened over a couple of weeks. I saw people with semi-automatic weapons trying to raid homes for supplies.
I saw the importance of having a well and a supply of food in the country, off the grid, and being watchful about who you tell.
I saw death everywhere. It was awful. The Lord said 350 million is a small number compared to what they have planned for North America.
If you look at the Black Death, it took out almost half the population—50 million people perished.
The plan was to take out half. I saw Trump crying and asking for mercy for America.
He was skinnier and looked very worn out, but he was broken to the point of interceding.
I saw pastors in the Oval Office pacing and praying in the spirit with him.
I saw a tall, slender pastor with a bald head—he was balder than me on top—praying in a gray suit.
As they prayed, I saw shockwaves like paddles hitting a nation to wake it up.
The blackness started to ripple away. Then I saw a light in the north like a match.
The world was covered in blackness, but like a chick breaking out of an egg, the light exploded that blackness off. It shattered like ice.
This intense light, similar to what is at the Father's throne, started sending rays of light through that membrane.
After I saw all the scenes, I saw men and women of God dressed in white.
They were saturated in a glow like honey. The glory of the Lord was present on them.
The Lord said this will be the remnant that rises up with a supernatural covering.
When the plague tries to get on them, it dies because of that honey glow. The glory of the Lord kills it.
He said, 'Son, you will not survive this if you do not have an understanding of the power of the name of Jesus.'The people who walk in this will have a revelation of the glory and the Covenant.
It must be a Rhema word. He said if you wait until this is at your door, it will be too late.
This is a fast development you must take seriously. You must bring in the harvest while it is day, for night is coming. The window of opportunity is closing.
Many will not learn how to stand because they are baby Christians, but it's vital they get born again so they don't go to hell.
Saying the sinner's prayer is everything. Our ultimate task is to preach that Jesus Christ is coming and to get people born again.
If we do not pray to lessen this, many people will die and go to hell. This is a stern word, but these people are ruthless.
The Lord told me to listen to Steve Cioccolanti's sermon about the horses.
I told him he must preach it more. It was a confirmation because he heard it too.
The Lord said many prophetic voices have a mixture right now; they are not hearing the clear word because they are filled with the praise of man and ego.
They have 'wax'in their ears. They must prophesy from the throne room.
As you surrender, He will show you what is to come. In the last days, there will be plagues, pestilences, and famines.
Do not focus on that; focus on the task at hand. Bring in the lost and teach them their Covenant rights and the authority of the blood of Jesus.
You must teach my people how to call those things that be not as though they were, and that they have power to tread on serpents and scorpions.
A thousand shall fall at their side, but nothing shall come nigh them.
The name of the Lord is a strong tower, and the righteous run into it and are safe.
We must know the power of communion—that we have a covenant with Him.
His blood cleanses us and the same power that raised Jesus from the dead dwells in us. As He is, so are we in this world.
If He delivered the children of Israel from the plagues of Egypt, He will deliver you.
They had the blood on the doorposts, and the death angel passed over. We have the ultimate Lamb, Jesus Christ.
We do not fear plagues because greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world.
Father, I thank You for the precious blood and the body that was broken for us.
We have authority in the name of Jesus. Any kind of Black Death or pestilence must bow.
I am not afraid of the terror by night. I have such an urgency because this wicked world needs help. We stopped so much during the inauguration; we are an army.
I bring this to you not for fear, but because the Lord said some of this will happen and we can lessen it.
We have time to prepare; it’s not this year. This will be a year of acceleration, wealth, and the glory of the Lord.
Get your 'Joseph supply'ready and get out of compromise. 2025, 2026, and 2027 are a window to pray.
I see things years in the distance. I saw a three-month window—March, April, and May—where the bulk of the death occurred.
It started showing on the news in late October and November.
Let’s take communion and pray. Father, we thank You that by Your stripes we are healed. No weapon formed against us shall prosper.
We thank You for the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous and for a year of great turnaround.
We are the Josephs of this generation. We apply the blood over our houses, marriages, and children.
We call our unsaved loved ones saved and delivered. As we take this blood, it covers us from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
We take authority over every demonic spirit and pestilence.
We petition You, Lord, to spare these people and call forth mercy. We turn this ship around through intercessory prayer.
We thank You that President Trump is protected and that You will breathe on this nation for a supernatural harvest.
We call for healing for everyone believing for it right now.
We are an army and we say this pestilence will not do what I've seen in the name of Jesus.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities.
When you see things like what happened in Tennessee, that is a demonic spirit influencing weak minds.
Take authority over your town and your children's schools.
Apply the blood over your area and call for a crop failure over the seeds of the enemy. Use your anointing oil to symbolize the blood of Jesus.
Anoint your children’s heads and say, 'No weapon formed against you will prosper.'Anoint your house, your doors, and your windows.
No devil in hell can cross the bloodline. Anoint your car so you are protected from car wrecks and calamity.
Make much of the blood, and the blood will make much of you. Even if you face a virus, stand in faith; you are always in the place of victory.
We are overcomers by the blood of the Lamb. Thank you for joining me today.
If you're new, please subscribe and click the notification bell.
We have channels in Portuguese, Spanish, Hindi, and many others.
It's amazing to reach the lost through AI translation. We pray for your safety and protection.
We are victorious because we are Kings'kids. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you. God bless you all, and we will see you again soon. Bye-bye.